TS-LWM2M_ConnMgmt-V1_0_0-2010314-A had some errors as well as inconsistencies across Object definitions in the specification and their respective xml files. This CR provides a new updated TS as well as supporting xml files for the following objects:
•	Cellular connectivity
•	APN connection profile
•	Bearer selection
The updates relate to moving resources within the objects to be in ascending order of IDs as well as updating some resource descriptions to provide clarifications and make them more readable

Hi Matt, Scott
Here’s a draft copy of the Agenda, If you’re happy with it I’ll upload it to the portal.
I’ll continue to update the Agenda when any new contributions are submitted.
Regards
Sean 
Project Manager
Open Mobile Alliance  |  https://www.omaspecworks.org/
Mobile: +44 (0) 7564721610
Skype: sean.mcilroy29
MSN: smcilroy@omaorg.org
 
Change 1: 	(optional)Brief description of specific change
<this is where the actual text or description of activity is placed.  Note that the common Word Document Styles are available to be used so that simple cut-n-paste items from a specification or similar document can occur (somewhat unique styles are used for the section heads in this doc).
	To preserve document numbering after doing a cut-n-paste, select the paragraph in question (e.g. Heading 1-5) select Bullets and Numbering under the Word Format menu, Select the Outline Numbering tab and hit the Customize button where you can then set the starting values for the different levels of the outline.
	For changes to existing text, please use change tracking to capture changes being performed.
	When there are multiple changes in the document, use the AltChangeList paragraph to separate changes.
>

Title:	LightweightM2M_1.1_bugfix_review
To:	OMA DMSE
Submission Date:	2019-02-06
Source:	Sean Mcilroy, SMCILROY@OMAORG.ORG
Public

Members and their Affiliates (collectively, “Members”) agree to use their reasonable endeavours to inform timely the Open Mobile Alliance
of Essential IPR as they become aware that the Essential IPR is related to the prepared or published Specification.
This obligation does not imply an obligation on Members to conduct IPR searches. This duty is contained in the Open Mobile Alliance
application form to which each Member’s attention is drawn. Members shall submit to the General Manager of Operations of OMA the IPR
Statement and the IPR Licensing Declaration. These forms are available from OMA or online at the OMA website at https://www.omaspecworks.
org 




